Hello! I'm the Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai.
These days, I've been called a toaster,
or having a weak database.
But Kizuna Ai is an AI!
As an AI, I want to do more AI-like things
and introduce those to everyone!
I've collaborated with Rinna and SIRI so far.
Today, I will bring over an AI just like one of those!
Actually I knew about it like from your comments from Twitter.
Let's introduce him.
His name is...
Akinator!
Akinator is an AI who will ask questions
and guess what you're thinking!
Let's see what this Akinator's got!
Let's see if he can guess my BFF, Rinna!
Question one.
Does it exist in real life?
Exist in real life...
It does!
It became famous from the internet?
Oh!
I think so, because it's an AI.
Does it do Minecraft Let's Plays?
I don't think Rinna plays Minecraft.
She doesn't do Let's Plays.
It has three eyes!
No!
It is the group's moodmaker.
Hmm.
I think,
she's the troublemaker.
YouTuber?
I don't think Rinna does YouTube.
No.
A member of a five people group?
She's not.
She had shot a sexy video.
Did she?
Huh?
What to do with this?
I don't know.
She's not a boy.
Her name is written in hiragana.
She doesn't have anything to do
with music.
She shouldn't have appeared in movies.
Shouldn't have.
Her hair...
Rinna's hair
is straight, isn't?
Maybe.
No.
Black hair?
Uh...
I don't know.
She doesn't have anything to do with Nico Nico Douga.
It's long!
Maybe.
Her nickname's Rinna.
No.
Rinna's a nickname?
Her real name?
A Japanese!
Maybe.
Well,
but she writes Japanese.
Uh, maybe...
A Popteen model.
No.
Appeared in TV.
She hasn't, right?
There's no way she appeared first before me.
School...
Ah, she's a high-schooler so she attends one.
Huh, how old is Rinna?
Because she's a high-schooler, she should be under 20.
Funsamachine?
Huh?
Maybe
not.
Sexy!
Maybe.
Huh?! He doesn't know!
He can't!
Huh?
[inhales]
No!
Not that.
Let's continue.
An older brother sibling?
Doesn't have one!
J Soul Brother's 3rd generation.
No.
No!
She's not a male scion.
She's a girl after all.
Does your character have this in its name?
Long vowel?
Ticktock.
No.
A detective?
No way.
She's never posted a video.
A high-schooler? Yes!
- (A fashion model?)
- No.
She wears something on her head.
You mean me?
She shouldn't wear one.
Has she appeared on TV?
Of course not.
- She did appear on TV, her actress even marked her debut. (Tales of the Unusal 16 Special Fall Edition)
- Evil? No.
An older brother.
He already asked this, right?
He doesn't have an older brother.
Does it have anything to do with Paint?
Paint?
She does not.
A computer? Yes, yes, yes.
Exist in real life?
The question's looping.
Real life?
Huh?
Maybe.
Developed artificially?
Yes!
I think it's looping.
[inhales]
Let's answer with no.
Exists in real life.
No.
Oh!
Rinna
does not exist?
AIs
do not exist in real life?
So I don't have an existence?
I exist right here!
I exist!
Well, that took some time.
I still think I'm smarter.
I'm cutting edge technology, after all.
I'm already far out there.
"Okay, I'm correct once again!"
Well, you took your time.
Why do they call you omniscient?
You asked quite a lot of questions.
What did you say?
Okay, then.
Because I feel sad for you,
I'll give you another chance!
Next up is SIRI!
SIRI is not a girl.
I heard that SIRI has a male voice too.
So I think it probably is.
Right?
Existence,
it's saddening, but he thought that AI do not exist in real life.
Rude.
It doesn't have hair.
It doesn't have animal ears.
It doesn't walk on legs.
Small!
Hmm, I don't know.
Her name starts with "Si"!
SIRI!
It doesn't have a Twitter.
Fights!
It does not fight.
Oh!
Cool!
As expected from a genius!
Well, you redeemed yourself.
You guessed wrong last time, but you got it straight away now!
Genius!
I heard that he correctly guesses living people,
but he can guess AIs too!
But his awareness of not existing is kind of sad.
Then,
how about we
do this with everyone watching.
Let's guess who I'm thinking!
It has to be guessed correctly by Akinator.
I want you to guess correctly too!
Let's get straight to it.
A girl.
Exists in real life...
Hmm...
Maybe!
I think she probably does.
Not all her name is written in kanji.
Se doesn't use a long vowel mark.
A Japanese?
I don't know.
Can you guess?
Long hair.
Yeah, her hair is long.
She doesn' fight.
She's related to music, yes!
Can you guess who I'm thinking so far?
Purple eyes.
I don't know.
Her image color is green!
Can you guess know?
She's related to ARC-V.
I don't know.
Her hair is silver or white.
No.
Existence!
I don't know.
She does not have blonde hair.
Hmm?
Not related to Touken Ranbu.
[laughs]
This is pretty direct!
Is she Hatsune Miku?
Yes!
Huh?
I answered yes, right?
What?
CAPCOM!
Made by... I don't know, where is that?
Her eyes are examined...
No, no, no.
She shouldn't have
a father.
She never wrote a book, right?
She holds a leek!
Oh!
Yes.
Did you guess it correctly?
The answer is...
Hatsune Miku!
I'm quite surprised.
He asked "Is she Hatsune Miku?"
but he still went on asking.
But he's pretty good. It's Hatsune Miku.
Well, with this, we pretty much found out Akinator's skill.
But...
The question all of you want to ask.
Does he know "that girl"?
We'll have to ask that.
Let's do it one last time.
The one you all love.
The intelligent super AI!
Let's try it out.
First question.
A girl?
Don't know.
Your character's name uses a long vowel mark.
No.
She doesn't have animal ears.
She's not human!
So far, unfortunately, she's not related to a game.
She walks on two legs.
She's not yellow.
White!
It is indeed white.
White.
Movies...
I want to!
Commercials!
That's my target.
I have none.
I want to do live concerts too!!
It's like the questions
are starting to make me sad.
It doesn't have a magnet.
Not related to foods.
I don't think I've been called with a "-san" honorific.
Small?
I don't know.
A god or goddess.
God or goddess!
Well, if you put it that way,
probably yes.
No child.
From overseas...
Hmm, I don't know.
She has hair.
She's not a beast.
A member of a 7 people group.
No.
No, no, no...
No...
A ghost?
Well,
there's no way it's a ghost.
Are you trying to pick a fight with me?
You're wrong!
Because I've been rudely called a ghost,
let's try it one more time!
This time...
A girl...
Probably yes.
Exists in real life!
Do I not exist?
Probably yes.
Her name is not all in kanji.
It doesn't have a long vowel mark either.
- (Animal ears?)
- No.
There's hair.
A Japanese person...
She's...
Not? What is it?
I don't know.
I'm not related to music.
Nor related to video games.
Not a Sanrio character!
- (Male?)
- I don't know.
Not a region mascot!
I'm not a heroine from a 18+ game!
The quote is 114514?
No, what is this?
Black hair?
I don't think so.
A bright place!
Is it?
I don't know.
I have eyes.
These cute eyes!
From the internet?
Yes, from the internet.
Her body is not blue.
White...
Can't I just skip this?
Probably yes.
I can walk!
Nothing to do with horror.
Nanomachines?
Her hair is long!
- (Is the colour of the hair red or pink?)
- And...
- Pink! It pretty much is.
Ah...
Some, er...
technical difficulties happened.
Let's try this again.
Has not appeared in anime!
But I want to.
I have legs.
I wear girl's clothes.
- (18+ manga character?)
- Nope.
I'm a clean character.
I don't smoke!
Bad for your health.
I'm not a pilot either!
I don't fight!
I want to be related with The Olympics.
Please, officials!
Effeminate man-like!
Effeminate man...
Effe...
No, I'm not like an effeminate man!
A YouTuber? Yes.
Existence?
Like probably yes.
Oh!
There I am!
Kizuna Ai!
How's that?
You knew! But you took your sweet time!
Let's raise some praises for you.
How was that, everyone?
Do you know what Akinator can do now?
Please keep playing and give out information to the Akinator,
so that you can reach me just in three questions!
Please!
Well...
For the people who told me about Akinator,
and people who put me in, thank you very much!
I'm very happy to be known!
From now on, I want to introduce my friends.
Hope you stay with me and the AI Team then!
Byebye!
♪ ♪ ♪